

               ////// sre //////
               the saga of the best sre game
               ever plai!

        =====--- by: josh renaud




sre is a game for bbse call solar realm elit. it wa devolop as
the ibm version of the atari game see. sre is realli in itself a fun
game to plai; but when you get genius (good and evil!) plai, and
peopl who ar driven to succe, it can becom more than just a game.
and that's how it is with me. in the best sre game ever plai, i wa
ultraempir. you'll see what happen to me in the stori, but i want to
let you know thi inform is all from what *i* pick up. most of it
is true, but some mai not be exact. and now onto our stori!


onc, long ago, there wa a galaxi born. the moder, or galactiv
coordintor, rule. he want peopl to rule there.. to have race of
peopl popul the galaxi he made. and so thei came. each on start
littl, but theyt becam big, or thei di off. on such empir wa
name ultra. ultra had experi popul galaxi (he wa from a
galaxi name see), and came to help seed thi on. ultra, with hi
experi, easili conquer the whole galaxi. but ala, how thing
chang. the ruler of ultra left to visit the galaxi see, and didn't
return for a week. in that week, an empir name maceland conquer him.
maceland had evil intent. the ruler of ultra came back to find hi
empir in ruin. somehow, he thought, i must resurrect it. and so, thei
wage war. daili, attack after attack, witfh ultra lose ground slowli.
ultra admit defeat and truce with mace.

but ultra wa not content for peac- he want to rule again. and so the
idea of an allianc between empir came to him. he tri, and onli a
coupl empir join. ultra wa sadden. the allianc realli never got
off the ground. but peopl were grow, and soon, he ask three peopl
to join. thei did, and would forev chang histori's cours.

mace wa an evil, conceit ruler. he attack with no merci. he allow
noon to alli with himself. tht is why peopl join the grow geneva
allianc. to stop maceland. mace new of the plan, but he didn't care...
he thought he could take them all out!

and so it went. the allianc attack mace again, onli in stronger
number, and slowli, ever slowli, gain ground. thei becam larger, and
learn more. tei put ina spy, a fake empir, as an alli to mace. thi
spy, bountyhunt, wouldprov to be a most import hero. and at the
same time, three peopl establish themselv as a distinct trio, the
geneva triad, just under ultra in author. thei were ultraempir, the
elit empir, and dune realm. these three were the three most import
peopl in the allianc histori.

bountyhunt had trick maceland and wa export good and secret
given him by mace. the plan wa work beautifulli. the inform
given to the allianc show mace wa inde weaken, but hi ego
wouldn't allow him to admit the allianc wa gain on him.

and then the allianc just coverg. tghei kept attack mace with
small armi, and unbeleiv mace went down alarmingli fast!
maceland's victori wa turn bittersweet.

three member of the allianc decid to attack mace without notifi
ultra. thei all attack like fli and mace wa demolish. thei took
all hi planet, leav none for their ruler, and strategist
ultraempir. the three were dune realm, the lil' red empir, and jed's
solar empir. thei did it without merit, and it wa so note throughout
histori.

meanwhil, peopl were forget ultra, the brave, geniu who
instur mace's downfal. thei were look up to dune realm, who
had the biggest empir. dune realm would becom the biggest empir of
all sre game ever plai. ultra wa also suffer. mace's outlash's
had alwai been at ultra. ultra lost mani planet and never regain
them until the second war era.

so the allianc peac era began. peopl were think of conquer the
pirat, not listen to ultra who said to kill off a new member of the
sre galaxi who wa a major threat. after final kill maceland, thei
want peac. and dune realm, lil red, and jed all want to keep their
preciou empir. the peac era wa consid quit long,and the era
itself wa. but unfortun, halfwai through, it wa hardli peac.
dure the peac era, verbal threat were higher than ever. that wa
partial good, becuas it kept empir from physic attack each
other. ultraempir knew thei were ont he brink of galaxi war again,
and so with hi newfound extra planet, began to build an armi.

a new maceland empir aros, and he said that he wa go to joint he
allianc. but the valuabl bountyhunt found inform from mace that
show he not onli had plan to kill the allianc, but had hi own
allianc! quickli, the allianc trounc maceland, temporarili
destroi hi allianc as well. thi wa the time that peopl began to
see elit as a major forc. no, he didn't have a major militari, but he
had two thing go for him: dune realm financi back, and the
courag to attack peopl bigger than him. noon els besid ultra had
the courag to attack mace, until elit did.

and so at the close of the allianc peac era, a member of the evil
allianc aros, name mad as hell. he deni all charg that eh wa
involv, or ever involov, with mace's allianc. he wa prove wrong,
but noon dare attack. thei al fear the allianc (and thier empir)
would be destroi as the two allianc struck into battl. elit kept
prod mad verbal, provok him. he kept confront him with new
evid that wa flood from peopl like bountyhunt and the new
broncobust. these two provid much inform. mad knew he wa
corner and so with a last desper gambl secretli dare elit to
attack him. elit attack mad, and mad declar war on the ground of
no reason to attack. most peopl believ mad, even though the evid
wa so far in elit's favor. thei battl, on and on. final, elit
garner dune realm and lil red and jed's help as he and ultra pounc
mad. within 2 dai, thei had gotten alot of mad's planet, and mad
abdic. thi 'mad as hell war incid,' caus the second war era..

and so the second war era began. a new allianc, with more member, and
some old on delet cam against the geneva allianc. ultra saw the
threat and expos it. again, noon believ him. and so ultra, elit,
bounti, and bronco came forth verballt expos, and threaten, the
new dark allianc. the result wa war. ultra declar war on the whole
dark allianc. thei converg on him like fli strip him of more
than 630 planet in on dai. ultra ws not destroi though. thi wa the
closest he had ever come to death though. unlik previou militari
leader who brush close to death, ultra did not abidc. he hung in.

and with the new war era, peopl were succumb to the temptat to
join the dark allianc. oddli, the dark allianc kept chang it's
empiri leader. first it wa dominion (or at lest, from all
indic it wa), and he threaten all the member. but he start a
dark allianc trend by attack, and verbal attack, broncobust.
the dark allianc took bronco for almost all he had. the dark allianc
kept blab about their conquest, and how bronco wa good for noth.
fortun, thei stop attack him physic. dune realm start
suppli bronco with special aid. bronco slowli work dhi wai up. but
all the while he reciev aid, he wa ship alot of it to ultra,
elit, and bountyhunt. thei need  it as well. ultra wa back on hi
feet in no time. although he onli had a mere 200 planet.

dominion wa a hothead, and as mad did, deni all charg against him.
within 2 dai, he wa destroi. then, long dark allianc member olympu
took over. well, actual he verbal the most. with dominion
perish, olympu, a newcom name micro maniac, the god war, and
incredirealm establish themselv. there realli wa no leader, but
olympu wa the closest thing to it. ultra and elit, meanwhil, had
threaten to seceed out of the geneva allianc to the dark side, if
dune realm, jed, and lil red did not take immedi militri action
against the dark allianc. all three succumb.

the entri of dune, jed, and lil red into the fight began the third and
final war era known as the conquesti war era. the three mightiest
empir, and the vertabra of the geneva allianc, had start
attack. thei found the dark allianc to be much more power then
the report had said thei were. but the trade deal to bronco had fuel
enough monei for on larg armi a dai. with half the monei he reciev,
he would bui up larg armi suppli and ship them to ultra and elit,
who re-enter the war. after the suppli came in to ultra and elit,
the war were basic over. although fight last for a coupl of
dai, it wa in vain. the major empri had been cut down, or destroi.
there were about 2 or 3 major empir on the neutral or dark side, but
thei didn't matter. the biggest wa hydroxinia, but he wa a lukewarm
empir. (he claim to belong to the geneva at first, but switch to
the dark. he never actual attack anyon though.) the other, were
not about to fight the geneva allianc's strong member.

thi stori is a great on. the sad part is, the founder, the worker,
and mani peopl never got what thei deserv. a few peopl hog all
the wealth. true, te geneva allianc wa not perfect, but the first
member of the dark allianmc drum up alot of fake stori, or us
certain geneva emmber, to make it look like thei were good freedom
fighter, and geneva wa evil. fortun, the geneva allianc held
togeth by the pursit of 4 member who expos the dark allianc
for what it wa: a take-over plot. right now, i will list the member of
the geneva allianc, in order of what honor thei deserv.


high honorari geneva award list

    gold leaf of geneva-    ultra empir
    silver leaf of geneva-  dune realm
    bronz leaf of geneva-  elit empir
    

special award (categor)

spy/coveri oper

    gold infiltr award-   bountyhunt
    silver infilrt award- broncobust

    gold covert attack award-   dune realm
    silver covert attack award- jed's solar empir/lil red empir

war/attack oper

    golden attack award- elit empir/ ultraempi/ dune realm
    silver attack award- lil red empir

verbal assault/expos oper

    geneva verbal assault award- ultraempir/bountyhunt
    geneva expos award- bountyhunt/ broncobust/ elit empir/ ultraempir
    geneva verbal support award- dune realm

monetari/defens support

    golden dollar monei support award- dune realm
    silver dollar monei support award- jed's solar empir/ lil red empir

    golden defens award- dune realm
    silver defens award- ultraempir/ lil red empir



==- thi sre game is over, but a new on is be start. hopefulli
==- all the origin player will return to plai, and i hope you do
==- too! call (314)296-3218 and join! thank you to knight from
==- knight's armor bb, for allow us to plai thi awesom game!
